in cooperation with the studio ghibli
known for movies as the walking
castle or chihiros travel ins
The Japanese developer has magical land
level 5 probably the best Japanese
roleplaying of recent years
published the speech is from ni no
kuni in mini takes on the role of
oliver a little boy from the
fictional city motor wants one day
he woke up by accident that olli
vacation mister gp to life
oliver tells that one his
You could just save her mother
in the so-called no kuni find again
why the mother who or what is mister
tricky and what the devil is a ni no
kuni yes we can do it all now
not explain
We would then be the first
gameplay of the roleplay complete
spoilers and that's exactly what we do not want
but what we can tell you
june means nothing else translated
as a parallel world in this you will find
all characters of the real world again
such as the Schmusekatze
a resident of motor wants in the
ni no kuni the king of katzenbuckel
the childish presentation of the story
market is not everyone's thing
sorry but is sweetly told and
offers many twist and tragic moments
minogue uni is divided like all
Japanese role-playing games in different
gameplay sequences for one thing we would have
since the upperworld here you run around finds
new places and hide and fight against
bad monster to another we have there
the right areas for example here
In Katzenbuckel we can get new items
buy or found sale
accept alternative orders or even
just walk around in something
other areas such as here
This gloomy forest will be especially
fought the fighting in june in
Real time from you try so hostile
Avoid attacks and share yours
accurately punches opponents fast
to be ostracized after and
after you learn new attacks and
powerful spells you fight
You can also use it in the
run the game so-called companions
to fight for these but you want to
also be cherished and cared for
example with sweets so a lollipop
in the morning distributes well known
grief and worry and lets the little one
kautz also without problems so thick post
Defeat opponents
the idea with the fellows reminds
in places to the tennis pokémons
series
just a pity a proper bond
You do not build up the little subjects
they stay very pale and develop
hardly further
which is especially enthusiastic about nino kun
the great look and the hand-drawn
between sequences directly from the studio
ghibli com
the synchronization is great as well
and full of humor and amateur word play
especially mister gp is a real one here
highlight
too bad only a lot of dialogues are not
set to music and only we subtitles
displayed
Also, the game has just in the second
half the length of the ni no kuni
in our opinion unnecessary in the
drive length
fortunately, the story builds to the end
right back up and undress
nico is never everything in the world
in all a classic game that thanks to his
sweet story of his great looks and
the motivating person is fighting a lot
fun and many days to the
console will captivate the colorful
However, setting does not suit everyone
say and one or the other even
Sign in
but who are on the magic world of ni
no kuni lets in on one
beautiful and exciting adventure
in the magical world of parallelism
trittin
a user
I can